controlling the cheri mode to enter when entering debug mode (#370)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/debug-integration.adoc

The <<dinfc>> register is a CLEN-bit plus tag bit CSR only accessible in debug mode.

The reset value is the <<infinite-cap>> capability.

If {cheri_default_ext_name} is implemented:

> * The <<m_bit>> is reset to be {cheri_default_ext_name}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The <<m_bit>> is reset to be {INT_MODE_VALUE}.
```
I think that is the right macro?

> * The debugger can set the <<m_bit>> to {cheri_base_mode_ext} by reading the CSR, using <<SCMODE>> and then writing the CSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The debugger can set the <<m_bit>> to {CAP_MODE_VALUE} by reading the CSR, using <<SCMODE>> and then writing the CSR.
```

Author: done, but in a slightly different way
